This is a list of the data files included with this distribution, and
what they contain.


Offensive fortunes are installed by default.  To *not* install them,
use the "-D NO_OFFENSIVE=TRUE" option to cmake.

./datfiles/	: the directory for inoffensive fortunes

art		: Broadly construed; it includes television and celebrities.
ascii-art	: each one worth a thousand words, I guess.
computers	: various fortunes that are computer-related.  This includes
		  the 'joke' fortunes that are supposed to emulate system
		  error messages, as well as some neat stuff.
cookie		: Cookie file from Karl Lehenbauer's postings to alt.sources
definitions	: It ought to be all the 'definitions,' but what it really
		  is, is all the definitions that have a first line ending
		  with a colon.
disclaimer	: Disclaimer texts found on products and advertisements.
		  Work well after corporate mandated login banners.
education	: Schools, teachers, and scholarship, mostly not complimentary.
food		: Recipes, diets, and more about food.
fortunes	: Yes, the old file name, but this contains predictions,
		  evaluations of character, and the kind of stuff that you
		  actually expect to get when you want to know your fortune.
goedel		: Meta-fortunes.  Incomplete, of course.  :-)
humorists	: Stand-up comedians, and people like Dave Barry.  Especially
		  stuff that doesn't fit into another category (almost anything
		  that Steven Wright says doesn't fit a category).
kids		: Real advice and cynical observations on children, parenting,
		  and family life.
law		: It's about laws and lawyers.
linuxcookie	: From the collection at ftp.icce.rug.nl.  Linux-related.
		  It probably ought to go in with 'computers,' but it's
		  archived separately, so I'm keeping it separate.
literature	: Mostly classic authors; a few newbies.  And Bulwer-Lytton.
		  It should contain more on writing and by writers, but a lot
		  of that somehow got into art.
love		: What no one gets enough of, I guess.
magic		: Abracadabra.
medicine	: Doctors and cures.  And other contradictory juxtapositions.
		  Exercise.
miscellaneous	: Whatever's left over.
news		: On journalism, and the unintentionally amusing bits of
		  journalism.
people		: You know, humans.  Personality, appearance, relationships,
		  and all the other evilness of which humans are capable.
		  It should probably be several smaller files (personality,
		  appearance, relationships ...)
pets		: Mostly cats and dogs, with some goldfish.  And penguins.
		  And a rubber duck.
platitudes	: The meaning of life, and of other things, including all those
		  little sayings, and variants on them.
politics	: Comments on man on a political view.
riddles		: Not really riddles, necessarily, but mostly Q: A:
science		: Largely math and engineering, but some other interesting
		  and amusing sorts of science-related apothegms.  Also
		  technology.
songs-poems	: Stuff with meter, at least, and usually with rhymes.
sports		: You know.  Like on television.  ;-)
startrek	: Apparently quotes from Star Trek Classic.  Plus a bit.
translate-me	: A small file containing non-English quotes without
		  translations.
wisdom		: Zen, the True Meaning of Life!
work		: Really about the business world, and the pains of being a
		  part of it.  The desperate problems of the wealthy.  Like
		  that.
zippy		: Quotes from the comic Zippy the Pinhead.


./datfiles/off/	: Doesn't exist anymore.
./datfiles/off/unrotated/	: Also doesn't exist anymore.

The intention throughout has been to create something a bit more
manageable and maintainable, without notable success in most cases.  A
more rational division of the fortunes would be preferred, but you do
what comes naturally.

If you prefer to have all the fortunes in one humongous file, that's fine:
cat 'em all together and run strfile.  That's easy; breaking them apart
again isn't.  Keep in mind that the "-o" infix format is not supported in
this version of fortune, so keep the offensive files in a separate
directory.

*If any of these files are not to your taste, do the easy thing: rm
filename.dat.  That leaves the fortunes there, but without the pointer
file, inaccessible.  Or rm filename, which gets rid of the text strings.
